---
title:  "Research"
categories: [jekyll]
tags: [jekyll]
---
<p> My primary research fields are <b>Labor</b> Economics, with a special focus on issues related to Gender, Education, Crime, and Health. 
<!---
<h3 id="job-market-paper">Job Market Paper</h3>
<ul>
  <h4><b>Title of Paper</b>
(<a href=" target="_blank"><em>Draft</em></a>)(<a href="" target="_blank"><em>Slides</em></a>)</h4>
<details><summary>Abstract:</summary><p><font size="2">Abstract here</details>
</ul>
-->
<h3 id="working-papers">Working Papers</h3>
<ul>
<p><b><font size="3"><a href="https://e-archivo.uc3m.es/bitstream/handle/10016/29397/we1919.pdf?sequence=1" target="_blank">Clean Energy Access: Gender Disparity, Health, and Labor Supply, </a></font> <br/><font size="3">Joint with <a href="https://sites.google.com/a/hawaii.edu/imelda/" target="_blank">Imelda</a></font>, <em><font size="3">R&R at <span style="font-weight:bold">The Economic Journal</span></font></em>
<br/><font size="2"> - Coverage: <a href="https://www.globaldev.blog/blog/improving-women’s-health-and-economic-outcomes-access-clean-energy">GlobalDev</a></font>
<details><summary>Abstract:</summary><font size="2"><p>Women are known to bear the largest share of health, time and labor supply burden associated with a lack of modern energy. In this paper, we study the impact of clean energy access on adult health and labor supply outcomes by exploiting a nationwide rollout of clean cooking fuel program in Indonesia. This program led to a large-scale fuel switching, from kerosene, a dirty fuel, to liquid petroleum gas, a significantly cleaner and efficient cooking fuel than kerosene. Using rich longitudinal survey data from the Indonesia Family Life Survey and the staggered structure of the program roll-out, we find that access to clean cooking led to a significant improvement in women's health, particularly among those who spend most of their time indoors doing housework. We also find an increase in the labor supplied by these women on both intensive and extensive margins, suggesting that having clean and efficient cooking fuel may not only improved women's health but also improve their productivity, subsequently allowing them to supply more market labor. For men, we find an increase in the labor supplied only along the intensive margin, with a higher increase among men in households where women accrued the largest health and labor benefits from the program. These results highlight the role of clean energy in reducing gender-disparity in health and labor participation and point to the existence of positive externality from improved health and productivity of women on other members of the household.</p></font></details></b></p>
</ul>
<h3 id="work-in-progress">Work in Progress</h3>
<ul>
 <p><b><font size="3">Mismatches in College Quality and Student Quality - A Rank-Based Perspective </font> </b></p>
  
 <!--<p><b><font size="3">Impact of Alimony on Female Labor Force Participation - Evidence from Massaschusetts, US </font> </b></p>-->
  
<p><b><font size="3">Impact of Schools' Financial Incentives on Students' Outcomes </font></b></p>
 
  <p><b><font size="3">Suspensions, Expulsions, and Student's Removal - Evidence from Alternative Education in Texas </font><br/><font size="2">(Joint with A. Yonah Meiselman)</font></b></p>
  
  <p><b><font size="3">Can Technology Mitigate the Impact of Heat and Humidity on Productivity? </font><br/><font size="2">(Joint with Anna Custers, <a href="https://www.poverty-action.org/people/bhavani-prathap-kasina" target="_blank">Bhavani Prathap Kasina</a> and <a href="https://sites.google.com/view/deepak-saraswat/home?authuser=0" target="_blank">Deepak Saraswat</a>)</font></b></p> 
  <!--<h5><b>Foreign Aid and Growth: A Forecast Error Approach (Joint with <a href="https://sites.google.com/view/kevinkuruc/home" target="_blank">Kevin Kuruc</a>)</b></h5>-->
  
</ul> 

